PMSS Application Form 2018-19
Pradhan Mantri Chatravriti Yojana (PMSS) application link has been activated, students who are eligible for PMSS scholarship can apply from here, through below-provided link. Candidates are requested to read all the ( Annexures) of PM Scholarship Scheme 2018-19 form carefully before applying. Since your each detail will be submitted and on the basis of these, you avail benefits. Therefore go through complete application form once, to check eligibility criteria and instruction to be taken care while uploading Prime Minister Scholarship Online Application Form.

Steps to fill PM Scholarship Form 2018-19:

Visit the official website of KSB and click on list of documents to be uploaded under PMSS link and download Annexure 1, 2 and 3
Now complete these 3 annexures in all respects ( candidates have to follow given format while filling PMSS application form)
Click on apply link to fill up application form
Now a new window will appear on the screen
First upload your Passport Size Photo
After this user will get an activation link to his/ her email, to proceed further click on the activation link.
Now fill details like, User Name (login ID) and Pass Word, now you will be directed to your dashboard or official website, here click on login button and login with login credentials.
Now click on “New Application” and choose Prime Minister Scholarship Scheme (PMSS)
Fill up all the required details and upload required scanned document at the appropriate place.
Now when you have done with application procedure, take a print out of it for further reference.
PM Scholarship: Apply Online

Documents to be submitted at the time of registration:

EX-Servicemen/ EX- Coast Guard Certificate
12th class marksheet from a recognized board
Bonified  certificate, duly filled up and signed by Principal/ Registrar of the Institute
Date of Birth Certificate.
One blank page of Bank Passbook ( SBI/PNB Only)
Aspirant Addhaar card.
Prerana Scholarship Odisha  ||KVPY Scholarship

PM Scholarship Amount
PM Scholarship will be given to around 5500 students across the nation, complete distribution of total amount is as follows:

Gender	Scholarship Amount (Distribution Annually)
Girls	Rs 2250/ month
Boys	Rs 2000/ month
PMMS Eligibility Criteria
Students who are keen on PMMS scholarship, to simplify things here we are providing details of academic eligibility criteria.
Candidate 10+2/ Diploma/ Graduation score must be 60% and above.
Course name	MEQ- Minimum Education Qualification
MBBS	Class 12
BE/ B.Tech	Class 12/ Diploma
B.ED, MBA	Graduation
 Who are Not Eligible for PM Scholarship?
Students who are studying abroad.
Students receiving a monthly stipend for Professional courses.
Students pursuing degree through Distance Learning Courses
Higher Degree/ Master Degree courses are not eligible for PMSS Scholarship except ( MBA, MCA)
PMMS Important Dates 
Events	Important Dates
Commencement of Appplication	October Onwards
Last date to apply online	Nov 2018
PM Scholarship Selection Process
Prime Minister Scholarship applications will be shortlisted based on EX-Servicemen/ EX- coast Guard Category and percentile obtained in 12th class.

Category-1: Wards/ Windows of ESM/ Coast Guard Personnel killed in action
Category 2: Wards/ Widows of ESM/ EX- Coast Guard disabled in action.
Category3:- Wards/ widows of ESM/ Ex-Coast Guard personnel disabled during service tenure.
Category 4: Wards/ Widows of ESM/ EX- Coast Guard disabled in Service.
Category 5: Wards/ Widows of ESM/ Ex-Coast Guard recipient of Gallantry Awards
List of Courses Under PMSS 
(https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BzQPdLUJVUyBUFhDWDVMeVRPZ2M/view)

PM Scholarship Renewal Form 2018
Procedure for online submission of Payment Cum renewal application form under Pradhan Mantri Scholarship Scheme (PMSS):

Bonafide Certificate signed by Principal/ Dean / Registrar of the Institute/ College to be uploaded in scanned form.
Upload scanned “ Examination Passing Certificate” it should be duly signed by candidate ( Annexure 2)
Download the format of certificate that are to be uploaded and these should be duly signed by Branch Manager( SBI/ PNB only: Annexure 3)
Upload scanned mark sheet of semesters/ academic year issued by University.
Upload Scanned, the first page of bank passbook.
Upload Aspirant scanned Adahaar card  ( showing your complete address & name)